Luming, I know you care about the fence
But you can't talk nonsense either.
Uncle, you have to believe me
Take a look.
This psychotic arrogance has offended the boy again
You don't measure yourself
Just because you can get hundreds of millions of investment from Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce
If I can really find
Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce has invested tens of billions
If Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce can invest tens of billions in Li Jia
Then we must not only revoke the wind injury against Li Jia
Then we will still invest
1 billion low interest loan to Li Jia
Yes, if
If you can bring millions of dollars to the Li family
My Wang Group and Li family surname
I'm also going to my mother-in-law's appearance
Look, this kid tricked you again
Want me to say get him out of here
Crazy, if you want to die, die yourself
Don't pull our Li family
Lu Ming, calm down
Our Li family can't stand the tossing
I see you more as a sibling
My dad treats you like his own
Can you stop tossing you, okay?
We're busy.
I don't have time to play with you idiots here
When will the president arrive as you mentioned?
Boy, you can't really blow us up, can you?
You don't know how to write death
President of Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce
What this lunatic said can't be true, can it?
girl
You really get up, Jiangnan Chamber of Commerce invests in the Li family